[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-compliance-viewing-compliance-check-result-details.adoc

[id="viewing-compliance-remediation-details_{context}"]
= Viewing ComplianceCheckResult object details

> When scans are finished running, `ComplianceCheckResult` objects are created for the individual scan rules. The `view-result` subcommand provides a human-readable output of the `ComplianceCheckResult` object details.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this level of change can avoid requiring technical SME review.

You can view the details of individual compliance check results by using the `oc compliance view-result` subcommand.

.Procedure

> . View the details of a specific compliance check result:

Reviewer: Single step procs use s `*` not a `.`

[id="viewing-compliance-remediation-details_{context}"]
= Viewing ComplianceCheckResult object details

[role="_abstract"]

> When scans are finished running, `ComplianceCheckResult` objects are created for the individual scan rules. The `view-result` subcommand provides a human-readable output of the `ComplianceCheckResult` object details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When scans are finished running, `ComplianceCheckResult` objects are created for the individual scan rules. You can use the `view-result` subcommand to provide a human-readable output of the `ComplianceCheckResult` object details.
```
